feat: script and config pages for kafka inkless saas (cluster and topic) [POD-2285] (#1508)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/kafka/reference/advanced-params-inkless-saas-topic.md

---
title: Advanced parameters for inkless in Aiven for Apache Kafka® topics

> sidebar_label: Advanced parameters - Inkless SaaS Topic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Advanced topic parameters for Aiven for Apache Kafka® diskless topics
sidebar_label: Advanced topic parameters - Diskless topics
```

Let’s avoid using “SaaS” and align with the docs, which use “diskless topics.”

Author: Hmm, but these are not diskless topic configs.

We have 4 different versions of broker + topic configurations at the moment:
- classic kafka and inkless BYOC
- free tier
- dev tier
- inkless saas

Reviewer: Looking at the actual content, the page covers general topic-level params plus two feature-specific toggles (`diskless_enable` and `remote_storage_enable`). So the title should reflect that scope.
Suggested:

* Title: Advanced topic parameters for Aiven for Apache Kafka®
* Sidebar: Advanced topic parameters

Author: > Looking at the actual content, the page covers general topic-level params

Yes, these are the configurations available specifically for Inkless SaaS.

> Title: Advanced topic parameters for Aiven for Apache Kafka®
> Sidebar: Advanced topic parameters

Hmm, should we yet highlight the fact that these are the configurations specifically for Inkless? As in, this page would have different content whether you'd be running: classic kafka, inkless BYOC, free tier, dev tier or inkless saas

Reviewer: > Yes, these are the configurations available specifically for Inkless SaaS.

Yes, good call.

Title: Advanced topic parameters for Aiven for Apache Kafka® Inkless
Sidebar: Advanced topic parameters - Inkless

---

> View the configuration options for Aiven for Apache Kafka® inkless topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the topic configuration options for diskless topics in Aiven for Apache Kafka®.
```

In the docs we don't refer to as Inkless topics. Its diskless topics. We should keep that aligned. What do you think?

Author: See above comment, I updated these but not sure if it's correct. Let me know.

Reviewer: View the topic-level configuration options for Inkless Kafka in Aiven for Apache Kafka®.
